>> Mike North: Here is the exercise.
So the story here is we've got our grocery
store, they have their standard inventory,
but sometimes we get fresh stuff
that's coming out in front.
And they might have little QR codes
that you can scan to maybe just pay for
it with your account and
it will be delivered to your house later.
But the idea is we wanna
use sensors on this device,
in this case the camera,
to accomplish this.
And this QR code reader,
the little button in the menu bar,
it actually works right now, but
it works on the main thread.
So you've got a file called banana,
and depending on when you checked
it out it might be misspelled.
But banana.png, it is a deliberately
large file with a rotated QR code.
You should be able to click
on the QR code reader, and
the way that mobile devices handle
a file input is they ask the mobile
device to provide a picture in response,
like a regular HTML file input.
You can provide a picture, and
we're going to, on the client,
process this picture and add that item
to the cart that matches that QR code.
So you should end up with a banana in
your cart after processing this image.
But it is really really heavy work.
So here I profiled it this morning.
Does anyone remember what the budget for
our functions was that I talked about in
terms of things that [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: 15 milliseconds.
>> Mike North: All right, so
we're at 20,829 milliseconds,
slightly over our frame budget.
We're gonna wanna move this
off of the main thread.
And if you tried this now with
the banana image, you'll see that
if you try to scroll while that processing
is taking place, it's really stuttery.
Like your browser's starting to freak out,
and it's not a good experience for
your user.
And there's really no
way to break this up,
it is a single function
that takes 20 milliseconds.
This is an awesome candidate for
doing in the background in parallel.
Let the main thread relax,
let the user maybe go on to
finding their next item to scan or
something like that.
So here are some tips that you may
need in order to make this work.
So we're gonna have to add a new file.
You already added a web app manifest file,
so we're gonna follow that same pattern.
This is not correct, I'm gonna
correct it right now really quickly.
So we have to add that name attribute
as we learned, this is important,
otherwise the name of the file
will be the hash of that file.
We don't want that because we want to
be able to pass that file to our worker
constructor.
That needs to be really predictable,
what that is.
And almost all the work you're gonna do
is going to be in this JavaScript file,
it's client/util/qrcode.
Right now there's a comment wrapping
the synchronous implementation of that.
You really shouldn't have to
go outside of that area, but
we're gonna basically
take that heavy work and
do it in such a way where we
instead spin up a worker.
And then use that message passing
that I showed you an example of,
where we post message and the worker
will catch it in the on message.
So the worker will end up doing the heavy
work, and then it'll send the result,
which is just the string,
the QR code data, back to the host app.
And I do want you to
do a production build,
a minified build, before you
make this improvement and after.
Because one of the advantages we're gonna
get is that we now we'll have removed
the need to have this QR code library
as part of that core app.js file.
Webpack is gonna wrap this
all up in the worker itself.
And so our app size should drop from
about 80 kilobytes to 60 kilobytes,
further improving our load time and
parse time metrics.
So this is what you're gonna hopefully
end up with once we get done with this.
Whereas before, let me skip back,
we had this big, solid,
yellow thing where it's just taking 20
seconds to do this on the main thread.
If you can see it here it's sort
of hashed out the yellow now and
that represents that a worker is doing it.
And below, in this middle section here,
you can see main with the green and
yellow.
That sort of does the initial
work of reading the file,
creates something called an image buffer
that you don't need to worry about, and
then passes that off to the worker or
thread.
And all of that purple there,
that's all of that hard work being done in
the background without interfering with
the main thread's responsibilities.